Updated docs with notes about deprecated adapters (#75)
laminas/laminas-serializer: docs/book/v3/adapter.md

The [JSON](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript_Object_Notation) adapter provides a bridge to the
[laminas-json](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-json) component.

> <!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line heading-increment -->
> > ### Deprecated
> >
> > Starting in version 3.2.0, the Json Adapter is deprecated, as the laminas-json
> > packages has been abandoned and will be removed in 4.0.0.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAUTION: **Deprecated**
Starting in version 3.2.0, the Json Adapter is deprecated, as the laminas-json packages has been abandoned and will be removed in 4.0.0.

```
